Add example GraphQL query to get retry information for a Job (#2713)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/graphql/cookbooks/jobs.md

  }
}
```

## Get retry information for a job

> To get information about how a job was retried (`retryType`), who retried the job (`retriedBy`) and which job was source of the retry (`uuid`).

Reviewer: Thanks for this @tomowatt , minor stylistic suggestion to bring this in line with some of the other instructions on this page.

```suggestion
Gets information about how a job was retried (`retryType`), who retried the job (`retriedBy`) and which job was source of the retry (`uuid`).
```

Author: Cheers for spotting that @gilesgas, fixed it now!
